Add details about content_id mapping (#6964)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/facebook-pixel/index.md

For most implementations, Segment recommends leaving these mappings blank. By default, Segment sets `content_type` to "product".

> This same mapping can be used to change the `content_id` from the default value (product_id or the sku) to anything specific for Facebook Pixel. You can utilise this [Facebook documentation](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/606577526529702?id=1205376682832142) for details of the mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same mapping can be used to change the `content_id` from the default value (product_id or the sku) to anything specific for Meta Pixel. For more information about required Meta Pixel events, see Meta's [Required Meta Pixel events and parameters for Advantage+ catalog ads](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/606577526529702?id=1205376682832142){:target="_blank”} documentation.
```
